1. Find the (sid,name) for all students who are first-year students (i.e., year = 1).

Project sid,sname | select year=1 | Student

2. Find the (name,ssn) for all faculty who earn less than $30,000 (i.e., salary < 30,000).

In this case, it was impossible to get the ssn, as there is no such information in the schema. So instead, I searched for fid. 
project fname,fid | select salary < 30000 | Faculty 


3. Find the (sid,grade) for all students who received an F from a faculty member whose salary is < 30,000.
project sid,grade | select grade = F | select salary < 30000 | select grade.fid = faculty.fid | (Faculty x Grade)

4. Find the (sid,cnum,grade) of all students who are currently enrolled in a course they already have received a grade in.
In the schema, there is no field called cnum, so I will substitute for cid. 
And unfortunately, I dont think there is a way to get information from the past, but I will do my best

project sid,cid,grade | select year != quarter | select grade != NULL | select grade.sid = Student.sid| Grade x Student
// In this case, I got the instance Grade and crossed it with Student. then I looked for where the grade is not null, indicating that there has already been a grade there. Then I looked the current year the student is in, and the quarter for the grade that was already in the database, and if they are not the same, it means that the grade is from a previous quarter. 
Finally, I just showed the sid, cid, grade. 
This is not a perfect solution, but its the only way I can think of to get information from the past, as we lack more date data. 